Replacing from "Prettier for Handlebars" to "Prettier" (#1835)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/code-editors/index.md

[VSCode Glimmer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chiragpat.vscode-glimmer) -
Provides embedded template highlighting support.

[Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) -

> Prettier is an opinionated code formatter. It enforces a consistent style by parsing your code and re-printing it with its own rules that take the maximum line length into account, wrapping code when necessary. Prettier supports Handlebars, Ember and Glimmer out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prettier is an opinionated code formatting tool. It enforces a consistent style by parsing your code and re-printing it with its own rules that take the maximum line length into account, wrapping code when necessary. Prettier supports Handlebars, Ember and Glimmer out of the box.
```

Our spellchecker doesn't know about the word formatter, so there's a failing test. We could change the wording here, or add "formatter" to https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/blob/master/.local.dic

Author: I have chosen both :)
